[DOCS] Add Cloud quickstart (#7441)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/gx_cloud/tutorials/getting_started/cloud_quickstart.md

## Prerequisites

<Prerequisites>

- Installed Great Expectations OSS on your machine.
- Followed invitation email instructions from GX team after signing up for Early Access.
- Successfully logged in to GX Cloud at [https://app.greatexpectations.io](https://app.greatexpectations.io).
- A passion for data quality.

</Prerequisites> 

## Overview

With GX Cloud you can get up and running within just several minutes. The full process you'll be using will look like:

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
# Create Data Context
import great_expectations as gx

context = gx.get_context(
    cloud_access_token = "<user_token_you_generated_in_the_app>",
    cloud_organization_id = "<organization_id_from_the_app>",
)

# Connect to data
datasource_yaml = f"""
  name: my_quickstart_datasource
  class_name: Datasource
  execution_engine:
      class_name: PandasExecutionEngine
  data_connectors:
      default_runtime_data_connector:
          class_name: RuntimeDataConnector
          batch_identifiers:

>           - my_quickstart_identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - batch_id
```
I would use something more general here, like `batch_id`, and include a note somewhere saying that these are intended to help identify batches of data passed in directly through dataframes.

  """

datasource = context.test_yaml_config(datasource_yaml)
datasource = context.save_datasource(datasource)

# Create Expectation Suite
expectation_suite = context.create_expectation_suite(
    expectation_suite_name="my_quickstart_exp_suite"
)

# Add Expectation
expectation_configuration = gx.core.ExpectationConfiguration(**{
  "expectation_type": "expect_column_values_to_not_be_null",
  "kwargs": {
    "column": "name",
  },
  "meta":{}
})

expectation_suite.add_expectation(
    expectation_configuration=expectation_configuration
)
print(expectation_suite)
context.save_expectation_suite(expectation_suite)

# Validate data
checkpoint_name = "my_quickstart_checkpoint"
checkpoint_config = {
  "name": checkpoint_name,
  "validations": [{

>       "expectation_suite_name": expectation_suite.expectation_suite_name,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "expectation_suite_name": expectation_suite_name,
```
Can just use `expectation_suite_name` if we set as separate variable.

      "expectation_suite_ge_cloud_id": expectation_suite.ge_cloud_id,
      "batch_request": {

>           "datasource_name": datasource.name,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "datasource_name": datasource_name,
```
Can just use `datasource_name` if set to separate variable.

          "data_connector_name": "default_runtime_data_connector",

>           "data_asset_name": "my_quickstart_data_asset",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "data_asset_name": data_asset_name,
```
I would set a separate `data_asset_name` var with comment to set.

      },
  }],
  "config_version": 1,
  "class_name": "Checkpoint"
}

context.add_or_update_checkpoint(**checkpoint_config)
checkpoint = context.get_checkpoint(checkpoint_name)
print(checkpoint)

# View results
import pandas as pd

> df = pd.DataFrame({'name': ["apple", "banana", "cherry"], 'quant': [40, 50, 60]}) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
path_to_data = None
assert path_to_data is not None, "Please set path_to_data. This can be a local filepath or a remote URL."
df = pd.read_csv(path_to_data)
```
Instead of specifying a contrived df, I think it would be more useful for user to play around with a real csv.

Author: thanks! a valuable addition to the individual step. Still want to keep the overview super simple and runnable

batch_request = {
    "runtime_parameters": {
        "batch_data": df
    },
    "batch_identifiers": {
        "my_quickstart_identifier": "test"
    }

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
batch_id = None
assert batch_id is not None, "Please set batch_id."
batch_request = {
    "runtime_parameters": {
        "batch_data": df
    },
    "batch_identifiers": {
        "batch_id": batch_id
    }
}
```
See above comment on `batch_id`.

result = context.run_checkpoint(ge_cloud_id=checkpoint.ge_cloud_id, batch_request=batch_request)
print(result)
```

> In the following steps we'll break down exactly what is happening here so that you can follow along and perform a <TechnicalTag tag="validation" text="Validation"/> yourself.

Reviewer: I would just run through the following sections and make sure they're the same as what appears in the large, single code block (I noticed some differences).

Author: I mentioned why they meant to be different above

## Steps

### 1. Setup

#### 1.1 Generate User Token

> Go to [“Settings” > “Tokens”](https://app.greatexpectations.io/tokens) in the navigation panel and generate User Token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [“Settings” > “Tokens”](https://app.greatexpectations.io/tokens) in the navigation panel and generate a User Token. 
```

> These tokens are see-once and stored as a hash in Great Expectation Cloud's backend database. Once a user copies their API key, the Cloud UI will never show the token value again. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tokens are see-once and stored as a hash in Great Expectation Cloud's backend database. Once you copy an API key and close the dialog, the Cloud UI will never show the token value again. 
```

> #### 1.2 Create Data Context

Reviewer: I think there should be a step before this one to import modules since it's a common practice when working with Jupyter notebooks to use the first cell for imports. i.e.

```
import great_expectations as gx
import pandas as pd
```

:::tip 
Any Python Interpreter or script file will work for the remaining steps in the guide, we recommend using a Jupyter Notebook, since they are included in the OSS GX installation and give the best experience of both composing a script file and running code in a live interpreter.
:::

Paste this snippet into the next notebook cell to instantiate Cloud <TechnicalTag tag="data_context" text="Data Context"/>:

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
import great_expectations as gx

 context = gx.get_context(
    cloud_access_token = "<user_token_you_generated_in_the_app>",

>     cloud_organization_id = "<organization_id_from_the_app>",

Reviewer: See above comment recommending we encourage setting env vars or using config vars, or at least warning user to not commit tokens to VCS.

)
```

### 2. Connect to data

> Modify the following yaml code to connect to your datasource. Otherwise, for the purpose of this guide, you can use this simple Pandas <TechnicalTag tag="datasource" text="Datasource"/> configuration to connect to:

Reviewer: We should add a strong disclaimer/warning here letting users know that if they configure they're own datasource here, they should not include sensitive info/credentials directly in the config, since this would be persisted in plain text in the DB. If credentials/full connection string is required, user should use config vars (link to docs/example would be nice).

> Modify the following yaml code to connect to your datasource. Otherwise, for the purpose of this guide, you can use this simple Pandas <TechnicalTag tag="datasource" text="Datasource"/> configuration to connect to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the following yaml code to connect to your <TechnicalTag tag="datasource" text="Datasource"/> . Otherwise, for the purpose of this guide, you can use the following Pandas Datasource configuration to connect to an in-memory Pandas DataFrame:
```

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
datasource_yaml = f"""
  name: <NAME_OF_YOUR_DATASOURCE>
  class_name: Datasource
  execution_engine:
      class_name: PandasExecutionEngine
  data_connectors:
      <NAME_OF_YOUR_DATA_CONNECTOR>:
          class_name: RuntimeDataConnector
          batch_identifiers:
          - <NAME_OF_YOUR_YOUR_BATCH_IDENTIFIER>
  """

> # Test your configuration (Optional):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Test your configuration:
```
As written, this is actually not optional. If `context.test_yaml_config(datasource_yaml)` is not called, `datasource` will be undefined.

datasource = context.test_yaml_config(datasource_yaml)

# Save your datasource:
datasource = context.save_datasource(datasource)

# Confirm the datasource has been saved (Optional):
existing_datasource = context.get_datasource(datasource_name=datasource.name)
print(existing_datasource.config)
```

In case you need more details on how to connect to your specific data system, we have step by step how-to guides that cover many common cases. [Start here](/docs/guides/connecting_to_your_data/connect_to_data_overview.md)

### 3. Create Expectations

#### 3.1 Create Expectation Suite

> An <TechnicalTag tag="expectation_suite" text="Expectation Suite"/> is a collection of verifiable assertions about data. Paste this snippet into Jupyter Notebook to create it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An <TechnicalTag tag="expectation_suite" text="Expectation Suite"/> is a collection of verifiable assertions about data. Run this snippet to create a new, empty Expectation Suite:
```

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
expectation_suite = context.create_expectation_suite(
    expectation_suite_name=None # Enter your expectation suite name here
)
```

#### 3.2 Add Expectation

> Modify and run this snippet to add an <TechnicalTag tag="expectation" text="Expectation"/> to <TechnicalTag tag="expectation_suite" text="Expectation Suite"/> you just created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify and run this snippet to add an <TechnicalTag tag="expectation" text="Expectation"/> to the <TechnicalTag tag="expectation_suite" text="Expectation Suite"/> you just created:
```

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
# Get an existing Expectation Suite
expectation_suite_id = expectation_suite.ge_cloud_id
expectation_suite = context.get_expectation_suite(ge_cloud_id=expectation_suite_id)

# Look up all expectations types here - https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/
expectation_configuration = gx.core.ExpectationConfiguration(**{
  "expectation_type": "expect_column_values_to_not_be_null",
  "kwargs": {
    "column": None, # Enter your column name here
  },
  "meta":{}
})

expectation_suite.add_expectation(
    expectation_configuration=expectation_configuration
)
print(expectation_suite)

# Save the Expectation Suite
context.save_expectation_suite(expectation_suite)
```

With the Expectation defined above, we are stating that we _expect_ the column of your choice to always be populated. That is: none of the column's values should be null.

### 4. Validate data

#### 4.1 Create Checkpoint

> Now that we have connected to data and defined <TechnicalTag tag="expectation" text="Expectation"/>, it is time to validate whether our data meets the expectation. To do this, we define a <TechnicalTag tag="checkpoint" text="Checkpoint"/> (which will allow us to repeat the <TechnicalTag tag="validation" text="Validation"/> in the future).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have connected to data and defined an <TechnicalTag tag="expectation" text="Expectation"/>, it is time to validate whether our data meets the Expectation. To do this, we define a <TechnicalTag tag="checkpoint" text="Checkpoint"/>, which will allow us to repeat the <TechnicalTag tag="validation" text="Validation"/> in the future).
```

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
checkpoint_name = None  # name your checkpoint here

# uncomment the lines below after successfully creating your Checkpoint to run this code again!
# checkpoint = context.get_checkpoint(checkpoint_name)
# checkpoint_id = checkpoint.ge_cloud_id

checkpoint_config = {
  # "id": checkpoint_id,  # uncomment after successfully creating your Checkpoint
  "name": checkpoint_name,
  "validations": [{
      "expectation_suite_name": expectation_suite.expectation_suite_name,
      "expectation_suite_ge_cloud_id": expectation_suite.ge_cloud_id,
      "batch_request": {
          "datasource_name": "YOUR DATASOURCE NAME HERE YOU WANT TO CONNECT TO",
          "data_connector_name": "YOUR DATA CONNECTOR NAME HERE YOU WANT TO CONNECT TO",
          "data_asset_name": "SET YOUR DATA ASSET NAME HERE",

>       },

Reviewer: See above comments about setting variables and just referencing them again later, so that user just has to set once.

  }],
  "config_version": 1,
  "class_name": "Checkpoint"
}

context.add_or_update_checkpoint(**checkpoint_config)
checkpoint = context.get_checkpoint(checkpoint_name)
print(checkpoint)
```

#### 4.2 Run Checkpoint

Once we have created the <TechnicalTag tag="checkpoint" text="Checkpoint"/>, we will run it and get back the results from our <TechnicalTag tag="validation" text="Validation"/>.

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
import pandas as pd

df = pd.DataFrame(columns=range(8)) # replace this placeholder Pandas dataframe with yours
batch_request = {
    "runtime_parameters": {
        "batch_data": df
    },
    "batch_identifiers": {
        "my_identifier": "test"
    }
}

result = context.run_checkpoint(ge_cloud_id=checkpoint.ge_cloud_id, batch_request=batch_request)
print(result)
```

#### 4.3 Review your results

> Once you ran the <TechnicalTag tag="checkpoint" text="Checkpoint"/> you should see a link that takes you directly to GX Cloud, so you can see your <TechnicalTag tag="expectation" text="Expectations"/> and <TechnicalTag tag="validation_result" text="Validation Results"/> in the GX Cloud UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you run the <TechnicalTag tag="checkpoint" text="Checkpoint"/>, you should see a link that takes you directly to GX Cloud, so you can see your <TechnicalTag tag="expectation" text="Expectations"/> and <TechnicalTag tag="validation_result" text="Validation Results"/> in the GX Cloud UI. 
```

> Alternatively, check [Checkpoints page](https://app.greatexpectations.io/checkpoints) and click on Expectation Suite you want to see the results for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can visit the [Checkpoints page](https://app.greatexpectations.io/checkpoints) and filter by the Checkpoint, Expectation Suite, or Data Asset you want to see results for.
```

## Next Steps 

> Now that you've seen how easy it is to implement the GX workflow, it is time to customize that workflow to suit your specific use cases! To help with this we have prepared some more detailed installation and setting up guides tailored to specific environments and resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've seen how easy it is to implement the GX workflow, it is time to customize the workflow to suit your specific use cases! To help with this we have prepared detailed guides tailored to specific environments and resources.
```

> For inviting your team members to the app visit [“Settings” > “Users”](https://app.greatexpectations.io/users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invite additional team members to the app visit [“Settings” > “Users”](https://app.greatexpectations.io/users).
```

import SetupAndInstallForHostedData from '/docs/components/setup/link_lists/_setup_and_install_for_hosted_data.md'
import SetupAndInstallForCloudData from '/docs/components/setup/link_lists/_setup_and_install_for_cloud_data.md'
import Prerequisites from '/docs/components/_prerequisites.jsx'

## Introduction

Few things are as daunting as taking your first steps with a new piece of software. This guide will introduce you to GX Cloud and demonstrate the ease with which you can implement the basic GX workflow. We will walk you through the entire process of connecting to your data, building your first Expectation based off of an initial Batch of that data, validating your data with that Expectation, and finally reviewing the results of your validation.

Once you have completed this guide you will have a foundation in the basics of using GX Cloud. In the future you will be able to adapt GX to suit your specific needs by customizing the execution of the individual steps you will learn here.

## Prerequisites

<Prerequisites>

- Installed Great Expectations OSS on your machine.

> - Followed invitation email instructions from GX team after signing up for Early Access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Followed invitation email instructions from the GX team after signing up for Early Access.
```

- Successfully logged in to GX Cloud at [https://app.greatexpectations.io](https://app.greatexpectations.io).
- A passion for data quality.

</Prerequisites> 

## Overview

> With GX Cloud you can get up and running within just several minutes. The full process you'll be using will look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With GX Cloud you can get up and running within just a few minutes. The full process you'll be using will look like:
```

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
# Create Data Context
 context = gx.get_context(
    cloud_access_token = "<user_token_you_generated_in_the_app>",

>     cloud_organization_id = "<organization_id_from_the_app>",

Reviewer: While it's possible to pass in `cloud_access_token` and `cloud_organization_id` to `get_context`, I think we want to encourage users to rely on either environment variables, or Data Context config variables, or at least place a disclaimer here warning user that `cloud_access_token` is sensitive info and should not be committed to version control.

Author: The idea here is to keep the quickstart overview runnable and as short as possible. Happy to add those in the individual steps below

)

# Connect to data
datasource_yaml = f"""

>   name: my_quickstart_datasource

Reviewer: Instead of having user change/edit things inside of a yaml string, I think it's nicer to pull things out into their own variables, i.e. `datasource_name`. That way it's more clear that they should set their own name and we can add some helpful assertions in case they forgot. e.g. 

```
datasource_name = None
assert datasource_name is not None, "Please set datasource_name."
```

Reviewer: Also allows `datasource_name` to be referenced in other steps.

Reviewer 2: If we are using fluent datasources we don't have to deal with yaml strings at all.
And we will get good error messages if things are misconfigured.

Major caveat being this doesn't actually work for cloud yet 😅 .

Author: Same, the quickstart overview is meant to be prefilled and running as is. Happy to change individual steps with additional info

>   name: my_quickstart_datasource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
datasource_name = None
assert datasource_name is not None, "Please set datasource_name."

datasource_yaml = f"""
  name: {datasource_name}
```

  class_name: Datasource
  execution_engine:
      class_name: PandasExecutionEngine
  data_connectors:
      default_runtime_data_connector:
          class_name: RuntimeDataConnector
          batch_identifiers:
          - my_quickstart_identifier
  """

datasource = context.test_yaml_config(datasource_yaml)
datasource = context.save_datasource(datasource)

# Create Expectation Suite
expectation_suite = context.create_expectation_suite(
    expectation_suite_name="my_quickstart_exp_suite"
)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expectation_suite_name = None
assert expectation_suite_name is not None, "Please set expectation_suite_name."
expectation_suite = context.create_expectation_suite(
    expectation_suite_name=expectation_suite_name
)

```

Author: the same reasoning will add to individual step

# Add Expectation
expectation_configuration = gx.core.ExpectationConfiguration(**{
  "expectation_type": "expect_column_values_to_not_be_null",
  "kwargs": {
    "column": "name",
  },
  "meta":{}
})

expectation_suite.add_expectation(
    expectation_configuration=expectation_configuration
)
print(expectation_suite)

> context.save_expectation_suite(expectation_suite)

Reviewer: Not sure if you want to do this in this PR, but for my single script for onboarding, I'm planning to use interactive flow, instead of this manual flow. I think user experience is slightly better since they'd be able to take advantage of tab completion. 

```
# Connect a Batch of data to a Validator to add Expectations interactively
    data_asset_name = None
    assert data_asset_name is not None, "Please set data_asset_name."
    path_to_data_batch = None
    assert path_to_data_batch is not None, "Please set path_to_data. This can be a local filepath or a remote URL."
    batch_df = pd.read_csv(path_to_data_batch)
    batch_id = None
    assert batch_id is not None, "Please set batch_id. batch_id should help you identify the data found in batch_df."
    
    batch_request = RuntimeBatchRequest(
        runtime_parameters={
            "batch_data": batch_df
        },
        batch_identifiers={
            "batch_id": batch_id
        },
        datasource_name=datasource_name,
        data_connector_name=data_connector_name,
        data_asset_name=data_asset_name
    )
    validator = context.get_validator(
        expectation_suite_name=expectation_suite_name,
        batch_request=batch_request
    )
    
    # Add Expectations interactively using tab completion
    # validator.expect_column_to_exist(column="Name")
    
    # Save Expectation Suite
    validator.save_expectation_suite(discard_failed_expectations=False)
```

Author: The goal of this PR is to ship the doc quickly and then get feedback from DevRel and EAs, improve iteratively. 
Later attach your single script and then fluent datasources. But it all gonna be a bit further into the game. So I'll leave it to the next time

Few things are as daunting as taking your first steps with a new piece of software. This guide will introduce you to GX Cloud and demonstrate the ease with which you can implement the basic GX workflow. We will walk you through the entire process of connecting to your data, building your first Expectation based off of an initial Batch of that data, validating your data with that Expectation, and finally reviewing the results of your validation.

Once you have completed this guide you will have a foundation in the basics of using GX Cloud. In the future you will be able to adapt GX to suit your specific needs by customizing the execution of the individual steps you will learn here.

## Prerequisites

<Prerequisites>

- Installed Great Expectations OSS on your machine.
- Followed invitation email instructions from GX team after signing up for Early Access.
- Successfully logged in to GX Cloud at [https://app.greatexpectations.io](https://app.greatexpectations.io).
- A passion for data quality.

</Prerequisites> 

## Overview

With GX Cloud you can get up and running within just several minutes. The full process you'll be using will look like:

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"

> # Set environment variables
> import os
> 
> os.environ["GX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN"] = "<user_token_you_generated_in_the_app>"
> # use Organization ID you have on the Tokens page
> os.environ["GX_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID"] = "<organization_id_from_the_app>"
> 
> 
> # Create Data Context
> import great_expectations as gx
> context = gx.get_context()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Create Data Context
 context = gx.get_context(
    cloud_access_token = "<user_token_you_generated_in_the_app>",
    cloud_organization_id = "<organization_id_from_the_app>",
)
```
We could also pass the values directly to the context. 🤷

## Prerequisites

<Prerequisites>

- Installed Great Expectations OSS on your machine.
- Followed invitation email instructions from the GX team after signing up for Early Access.
- Successfully logged in to GX Cloud at [https://app.greatexpectations.io](https://app.greatexpectations.io).
- A passion for data quality.

</Prerequisites> 

## Overview

With GX Cloud you can get up and running within just a few minutes. The data we're going to use for this overview is the [NYC taxi data](https://www.nyc.gov/site/tlc/about/tlc-trip-record-data.page). This is an open data set which is updated every month. Each record in the data corresponds to one taxi ride. Use individual steps instructions in order to connect to your data.
The full process you'll be using will look like:

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
import great_expectations as gx
import pandas as pd

# Create Data Context
context = gx.get_context(
    cloud_access_token = "<user_token_you_generated_in_the_app>",
    cloud_organization_id = "<organization_id_from_the_app>",
)

> # Connect to data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create Datasource
```
Based on feedback from Rachel, I think this is less misleading.

datasource_name = "my_quickstart_datasource"
data_connector_name = "default_runtime_data_connector"

> batch_id = "batch_id"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
batch_identifier_name = "path"
data_asset_name = "my_quickstart_table"
```
I think this is clearer. I also think it makes sense to set data_asset_name var so it's more clear that this is user-configurable (should also do this in other section).

datasource_yaml = f"""
  name: {datasource_name}
  class_name: Datasource
  execution_engine:
      class_name: PandasExecutionEngine
  data_connectors:
      {data_connector_name}:
          class_name: RuntimeDataConnector
          batch_identifiers:
          - {batch_id}
  """

datasource = context.test_yaml_config(datasource_yaml)
datasource = context.save_datasource(datasource)

# Create Expectation Suite
expectation_suite = context.create_expectation_suite(
    expectation_suite_name="my_quickstart_exp_suite"
)

# Add Expectation
expectation_configuration = gx.core.ExpectationConfiguration(**{
  "expectation_type": "expect_column_values_to_not_be_null",
  "kwargs": {
    "column": "trip_distance",
  },
  "meta":{}
})

expectation_suite.add_expectation(
    expectation_configuration=expectation_configuration
)
print(expectation_suite)
context.save_expectation_suite(expectation_suite)

> # Validate data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create Checkpoint
```

Author: The idea behind this one was to show the user the value of running this snippet rather than exposing tech details

checkpoint_name = "my_quickstart_checkpoint"
checkpoint_config = {
  "name": checkpoint_name,
  "validations": [{
      "expectation_suite_name": expectation_suite.expectation_suite_name,
      "expectation_suite_ge_cloud_id": expectation_suite.ge_cloud_id,
      "batch_request": {
          "datasource_name": datasource_name,
          "data_connector_name": data_connector_name,
          "data_asset_name": "my_quickstart_table",
      },
  }],
  "config_version": 1,
  "class_name": "Checkpoint"
}

context.add_or_update_checkpoint(**checkpoint_config)
checkpoint = context.get_checkpoint(checkpoint_name)
print(checkpoint)

> # View results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pull in data to validate
```

path_to_data = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/great-expectations/gx_tutorials/main/data/yellow_tripdata_sample_2019-01.csv"
df = pd.read_csv(path_to_data)

> batch_request = {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run Checkpoint to validate data and view results
batch_request = {
```

    "runtime_parameters": {
        "batch_data": df
    },

>     "batch_identifiers": {
>         batch_id: "jan_2019"
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "batch_identifiers": {
        batch_identifier_name: path_to_data
    }
```

}

result = context.run_checkpoint(ge_cloud_id=checkpoint.ge_cloud_id, batch_request=batch_request)
print(result)
```

In the following steps we'll break down exactly what is happening here so that you can follow along and perform a <TechnicalTag tag="validation" text="Validation"/> yourself.

## Steps

### 1. Setup

#### 1.1 Generate User Token

Go to [“Settings” > “Tokens”](https://app.greatexpectations.io/tokens) in the navigation panel and generate a User Token. 

> These tokens are see-once and stored as a hash in Great Expectation Cloud's backend database. Once you copy API key and close the dialog, the Cloud UI will never show the token value again. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tokens are view-once and stored as a hash in Great Expectation Cloud's backend database. Once you copy the API key and close the dialog, the Cloud UI will never show the token value again. 
```

#### 1.2 Import modules

:::tip 
Any Python Interpreter or script file will work for the remaining steps in the guide, we recommend using a Jupyter Notebook, since they are included in the OSS GX installation and give the best experience of both composing a script file and running code in a live interpreter.
:::

Switch to Jupyter Notebook and import modules we're going to use in this tutorial.

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
import great_expectations as gx
import pandas as pd
import os
```

#### 1.3 Create Data Context

Paste this snippet into the next notebook cell to instantiate Cloud <TechnicalTag tag="data_context" text="Data Context"/>. 

:::caution

> Please note that `cloud_access_token` is sensitive information and should not be committed to version control software. Alternatively, add these as [Data Context config variables](docs/guides/setup/configuring_data_contexts/how_to_configure_credentials.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that GX Cloud API tokens are sensitive information and should not be committed to version control software. Alternatively, add these as [Data Context config variables](docs/guides/setup/configuring_data_contexts/how_to_configure_credentials.md)
```

:::

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
os.environ["GX_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID"] = "<organization_id_from_the_app>"
os.environ["GX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN"] = "<user_token_you_generated_in_the_app>"

context = gx.get_context()
```

### 2. Connect to data

Modify the following yaml code to connect to your <TechnicalTag tag="datasource" text="Datasource"/>

:::caution

> Please note you should not include sensitive info/credentials directly in the config while connecting to your Datasource, since this would be persisted in plain text in the database and presented in Cloud UI. If credentials/full connection string is required, you should use [config variables file](docs/guides/setup/configuring_data_contexts/how_to_configure_credentials.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note you should not include sensitive info/credentials directly in the config while connecting to your Datasource, since this would be persisted in plain text in the database and presented in Cloud UI. If credentials/full connection string are required, you should use a [config variables file](docs/guides/setup/configuring_data_contexts/how_to_configure_credentials.md).
```

# checkpoint = context.get_checkpoint(checkpoint_name)
# checkpoint_id = checkpoint.ge_cloud_id

checkpoint_config = {
  # "id": checkpoint_id,  # uncomment after successfully creating your Checkpoint
  "name": checkpoint_name,
  "validations": [{
      "expectation_suite_name": expectation_suite_name,
      "expectation_suite_ge_cloud_id": expectation_suite.ge_cloud_id,
      "batch_request": {
          "datasource_name": datasource_name,
          "data_connector_name": data_connector_name,
          "data_asset_name": "SET YOUR DATA ASSET NAME HERE",
      },
  }],
  "config_version": 1,
  "class_name": "Checkpoint"
}

context.add_or_update_checkpoint(**checkpoint_config)
checkpoint = context.get_checkpoint(checkpoint_name)
print(checkpoint)
```

#### 4.2 Run Checkpoint

Once we have created the <TechnicalTag tag="checkpoint" text="Checkpoint"/>, we will run it and get back the results from our <TechnicalTag tag="validation" text="Validation"/>.

```python title="Jupyter Notebook"
path_to_data = None
assert path_to_data is not None, "Please set path_to_data. This can be a local filepath or a remote URL."
df = pd.read_csv(path_to_data)

> batch_identifier = None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
batch_identifier_value = None
```

assert batch_identifier is not None, "Please set batch_identifier."

batch_request = {
    "runtime_parameters": {
        "batch_data": df
    },
    "batch_identifiers": {

>         batch_id: batch_identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        batch_identifier_name: batch_identifier_value
```
